Update run_query.md (#1460)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/run_query.md

```

</File>

> If you wish to check whether `run_query` returned any rows or not you can use `length` filter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `length` filter to verify whether `run_query` returned any rows or not.  Make sure to wrap the logic in an [if execute]([/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/execute) block to avoid unexpected behavior during parsing. 
```
